[Kogito 8699] Deploy the Operator on the New Cluster (#93)
kiegroup/kogito-serverless-operator: docs/PIPELINE.md

```

7) Run the pipeline creating a pipeline run 
```sh
kubectl apply -f tekton/pipeline/kogito_serverless_operator_pipeline_run.yaml
```

or with tekton cli
```sh
tkn pipeline start kogito-serverless-operator-pipeline \
-w name=shared-workspace,volumeClaimTemplateFile=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kiegroup/kogito-serverless-operator/main/tekton/volume/persistent_volume.yaml \
-p deployment-name=kogito-serverless-operator \
-p git-url=https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-serverless-operator.git \
-p git-revision=main \
-p IMAGE='image-registry.openshift-image-registry.svc:5000/kogito-serverless-operator-system/kogito-serverless-operator:latest' \
--use-param-defaults
```

8) Checks Pipeline execution
 
Open the Pipeline Menu under the namespace/project kogito-serverless-operator-system
or with tekton cli with the id printed starting the pipelinerun from the cli

```sh
tkn pipelinerun logs kogito-serverless-operator-pipeline-run-<id> -f -n <your-namespace>
```

### How to see the content of the workspace

1) Create the task show_workspace_content

```sh
kubectl apply -f tekton/task/show_workspace_content.yaml
```

> 2) Add the task show-workspace in the pipeline after the fetch-repository or build-image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) Add the task `show-workspace` in the pipeline after the `fetch-repository` or `build-image`
```

> ### How to deploy again 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### How to redeploy
```

> Go to the pipeline runs and ask on a already executed pipelinerun a rerun

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the pipeline runs and ask for a rerun of a previous pipeline run
```

## Trigger the pipeline on GithubEvents

1) Create the trigger binding
```sh
oc create -f tekton/trigger/trigger_binding.yaml
```

> 2) Create the trigger template

Reviewer: ```suggestion

2) Create the trigger template
```

```sh
oc create -f tekton/trigger/trigger_template.yaml
```

3) Create the trigger resource
```sh
oc create -f tekton/trigger/trigger_resource.yaml
```

4) Add a label to enable the secure HTTPS connection to the Eventlistener resource
```sh
oc label namespace kogito-serverless-operator-system operator.tekton.dev/enable-annotation=enabled
```

5) Create the Event listener trigger
```sh
oc create -f tekton/trigger/trigger_event_listener.yaml
```

6) Create a route with the re-encrypted TLS termination
```sh
oc create route reencrypt --service=el-kogito-serverless-operator-webhook --cert=tls.crt --key=tls.key --ca-cert=ca.crt --hostname=<hostname>
```

7) Check the webhook
```sh
tkn el -n kogito-serverless-operator-pipeline ls
```

```sh
kubectl get pods,svc -n kogito-serverless-operator-pipeline -l eventlistener=kogito-serverless-operator-webhook
```

8) Add a webhook in your github/gitlab repo with the url of the listener on openshift

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
